fix: add float, len, and os.sep to evalidate model + jinja2 (#5693)
conda/conda-build: news/5693-float-selectors.rst

### Bug fixes

> * Fixed bug where the `float` function was not allowed in selectors. (#5693)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed bug where the `float` and `len` functions were not allowed in selectors. (#5693)
* Add `os.sep` to allowed attributes in the `os` module for Jinja and selectors. (#5693)
```
